CHAOS-6966 Pod JVM method exception (#8791)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/use-harness-ce/chaos-faults/kubernetes/pod/pod-jvm-method-exception.md

---
id: pod-jvm-method-exception
title: Pod JVM method exception
---

Pod JVM method exception injects chaos into a Java application executing in a Kubernetes pod by invoking an exception.

:::tip
JVM chaos faults use the [Byteman utility](https://byteman.jboss.org/) to inject chaos faults into the JVM.
:::

![Pod JVM method exception](./static/images/pod-jvm-method-exception.png)

## Use cases
Pod JVM method exception:
- Determines the performance and resilience of an application (or service) on encountering exceptions.
- Determines how efficiently an application recovers the services.

### Mandatory tunables
<table>
  <tr>
    <th> Tunable </th>
    <th> Description </th>
    <th> Notes </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> CLASS </td>

>     <td> Specify as <b>packageName.className</b> that specifies the class in which you define the exception. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> Specify as <b>packageName.className</b> that specifies the class in which you define the target method. </td>
```

    <td> For example, <code>org.framework.appName.system.WelcomeController</code>. For more information, go to <a href= "#class-name">class name.</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> EXCEPTION </td>

>     <td> The exception you want to throw to the Java application. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> The exception you want to throw from the target method. </td>
```
